# Practising syllabus

https://pythoninstitute.org/pcap-exam-syllabus


# Module
A module can contain executable statements as well as function definitions.

Consider a module to be the same as a code library.

The file name is the module name with the suffix .py appended.
Within a module, the module’s name (as a string) is available as the value of the global variable *\_\_name\_\_*.


## Importing modules
"import *" This imports all names except those beginning with an underscore (_).

Statements are to initialize the module. They are executed only the first time the module is imported.

The first time this is run, the interpreter will import my_module, and create a *\_\_pycache\_\_* directory
in the same directory as my_module.py

The second time this is run, the interpreter will look for a compiled version of my_module in the
*\_\_pycache\_\_* directory, and use that instead of re-compiling the source code.

## Executing modules as scripts

```
python my_module.py <arguments>
```

# Package
A folder containing python modules. It must contain an *\_\_init\_\_*.py file so python will know it’s a package.
See "my_package".

When importing the package, Python searches through the directories on sys.path looking for the package subdirectory.

The  *\_\_init\_\_*.py file can define a list called *\_\_all\_\_* to instruct "from mypackage import *" which 
elements to import by default when wildcard * is used and avoid load all elements inside the package.

```
__all__ = ["echo", "surround", "reverse"]
```

See https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html#packages

# Sub package
a package nested inside another package.

# \_\_pycache\_\_
is a directory that is created by the Python interpreter when it imports a module.
It contains the compiled bytecode of the module, which can be used to speed up subsequent imports of the same module.
The bytecode is specific to the version of Python that was used to generate it,
so different versions of Python will create different bytecode files.

See https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html#compiled-python-files

# .pyc files
are compiled bytecode files that are generated by the Python interpreter when a .py file is imported.
A program doesn’t run any faster when it is read from a .pyc file than when it is read from a .py file; 
the only thing that’s faster about .pyc files is the speed with which they are loaded.

# The \_\_init\_\_.py
files are required to make Python treat directories containing the file as packages.
This prevents directories with a common name, such as string, from unintentionally hiding valid modules
that occur later on the module search path.
In the simplest case, *\_\_init\_\_*.py can just be an empty file, but it can also execute initialization code
for the package or set the *\_\_all\_\_* variable, described later.

